[Detection Engine] adds missing alert suppression API references (#4479)
elastic/security-docs: docs/detections/api/rules/rules-api-create.asciidoc

[[opt-fields-alert-suppression-create]]
===== Optional alert suppression fields for query, threshold rules

preview::[]

====== Query rule

[width="100%",options="header"]
|==============================================
|Name |Type |Description

|alert_suppression |Object a|Defines alert suppression configuration. Available fields:

* `group_by` (string[], required): An array of 1-3 field names to use for suppressing alerts.

* `duration` (<<alert-suppression-duration-schema, duration object>>, optional): Defines the time period in which alerts will be suppressed. If absent, alerts will be suppressed on rule execution only.

* `missing_fields_strategy` (string, optional): Defines how to handle events with missing suppression fields. Possible values:

    - `doNotSuppress`: Create a separate alert for each matching event.

    - `suppress`: Create one alert for each group of events with missing fields.

|==============================================

====== Threshold rule

[width="100%",options="header"]
|==============================================
|Name |Type |Description

|alert_suppression |Object a|Defines alert suppression configuration. Available fields:

> * `duration` (<<alert-suppression-duration-schema, duration object>>, required): Defines the time period in which alerts will be suppressed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `duration` (<<alert-suppression-duration-schema, duration object>>, required): The time period in which alerts will be suppressed, beginning when the rule first meets its criteria and creates the alert.
```

}
--------------------------------------------------

*Example 8*

Query rule that searches for processes started by MS Office and suppress alerts by `process.parent.name` field on 5 hours time period:

[source,console]
--------------------------------------------------
POST api/detection_engine/rules
{
  "rule_id": "process_started_by_ms_office_program",
  "risk_score": 50,
  "description": "Process started by MS Office program - possible payload",

>   "interval": "1h", <1>
>   "name": "MS Office child process",
>   "severity": "low",
>   "tags": [
>    "child process",
>    "ms office"
>    ],
>   "type": "query",
>   "from": "now-70m", <2>

Reviewer: I overlooked this earlier -- we can remove the callout syntax here, because we don't need to highlight these fields in this context (looks like this was copied from Example 1 above).
```suggestion
  "interval": "1h",
  "name": "MS Office child process",
  "severity": "low",
  "tags": [
   "child process",
   "ms office"
   ],
  "type": "query",
  "from": "now-70m",
```
